Between the hour of 8:30 and 8:45 on 04-05-2025, a couple fake users encountered an inability to order pizza. The event was triggered by a TA shenanigan at sometime in the vicinity of 8:30. The shenanigan contained chaos that broke the sites ability to order pizzas.

A bug in this code caused pizza ordering to not work. The event was detected by grafana. The team started working on the event by going to the url provided in the bad responses. This high severeity level incident incident affected 100% of users.

There was further impact as noted by 1 alert that appeared on the managers screen were raised in relation to this incident.

This incident was detected when the visual confirmation was triggered and Jonah were paged.

Next, no one was paged, because jonah didn't own the service writing to the disk, delaying the response by 0 minutes.

Removing the TA's as github collaborators will be set up by Jonah so that they cant do any more shenanigans.

For less than 15 minutes between 8:30 and 8:45 on 04-05-2025, inability to order pizzas our users experienced this incident.

This incident affected a couple fake customers 100%, who experienced inability to order pizzas.

0 support tickets and 0 social media posts were submitted.

All times are UTC.

- _14:00_ - Jonah woke up
- _14:03_ - Jonah set up simulated traffic
- _14:10_ - Jonah completed manual verification of site stability
- _14:27_ - Jonah finishes being distracted by breakfast and tiktok
- _14:42_ - Jonah finishes fiddling around in github actions looking around for evidence of TA shenanigans
- _14:45_ - Jonah looks back over at the grafana window and notices that things look shenanigany
- _14:46_ - Jonah looks at a log about failed to order pizza and went to the provided url, resolving the issue
- _15:25_ - Jonah finishes writing report
